in february 19 153 the sea submerged from golan of asia and not from part of the country
electricity is cut off communications are interrupted
yet very quickly some radios walk not new
they are powered by small generators driven by
a revolutionary engine
but as soon as the operation is over these engines regain the secret of
Philippe's laboratories
the electronics giant
who developed them
and since that is the silence silence all the more strange that this engine
accepts all fuels
almost perfect kinepolis
and especially that its consumption is half of the engines
current
so who from this miracle engine
This is the engine stirling the hot air motor
the patent was filed by Scottish Reverend Robert Stirling in
eighteen 116
fifty years before the four-stroke engine its 91 years before the engine
diesel
rififi of our cars today
how does this engine
the principle is simple take a bike or foot pump
the compression is enough to warm up the displayed in the crowd
now
butcher the pump warmed up its end
the lens will warm up and its pressure will increase
which will push the piston back by compressing the air contained in the other
side
campeon cooled the skin
the piston returns to its initial position
the heat is thus transformed into mechanical energy
the power of such a device is ridiculous and its poor performance
robert kalinka's idea of ​​genius was to add a second pistons
for warm air to move from left to right of AIDS
the cause of AIDS andré constantly heat up and the right cooled
there is still a lot of heat loss so energy
to recover this lost heat stirling has come up with the
regenerator
the original actor comes to capture some of the calories of the dungeon when he
part to the cold zone
when the gas goes back to the hot zone it recovers its calories
as well as sterling lawyer a yield close to 40% against 20%
for 4-stroke or diesel engines
the steering only calls for a source of heat at the end of AIDS
Any fuel suits case oil fuel oil gas
conclusive tests nevertheless
better with a brazier
like these raw fuels in the open burning and almost total
no need for exhaust pipes and a level of pollution much lower than
engines
fausto rinaldi new cases it is necessary to use any pace at this
insisted he is one of the best writers and it's just us
are friends
the study of this engine started in 10 938
purpose to manufacture generators for radios and
televisions
but in 10 950 the invention of the transistor makes it possible to build radio
battery operated
no need for generators
the Philippine company then looks at other applications of steering
like the refrigerator or the heat pump
karl is she is not only a motor it's also a fantastic
thermal machine
let's resume our fight at dawn
instead of counting
inspired
the air relaxes and cools
that's the principle of any refrigerator
it's the same with the stirling
just train it with an electric motor
for the ash head to less than 100 degrees the temperature to
which looks good he says
now inversion of direction of rotation of the electric motor
the cylinder is warming up
and which earned him yesterday
the athlete is over 700 degrees
when we stop the electric motor the hot steering
becomes an engine
the philippe sempé company is also trying to sell its know-how to
car manufacturers like general motors get
in the format a bus and a boat are equipped with a stirling engine and then at
early 70s this torino ford
Alas
the mechanism to vary the engine speed is not in focus
10 975 the departure of the CEO of Forbes only the death knell of the project
demonstrating the ability the commercial application of the service in the elite by
elsewhere canada will be a machine after i chained
but in the late 70s
the philippe society give up and give up 6 years
a group of former engineers from the firm then founded general scanning
corporation in the united states
this company and its subsidiaries sell refrigerant stirling
he's trying to promote solar scanning
two reasons there is always reluctance to change maxime if you
are a diesel engine manufacturer
you will not be in a hurry to build another type of engine even though as
anyone who invests a considerable amount of effort and money anne
to make a more efficient model with a pasture of ngos
soro but the woods goes back into the manufacture of a car engine
manufacture also rely on the pressure of opinion that comes to
crack
it takes a sauce sixteen dates anne the stylist people will continue to
produce cars with diesel engine or diesel engine of course
there is a dozen or so ngo happening in the country me but when the degree of
pollution of the two come not very interesting as this is currently
to forego a military commitment to governments to go to their
German auto recruiter to produce clean cars long
with syria
faced with this defense to the extreme round 6 8 me to many consultants in
universities at constant number sitting
the meeting between us launched on the track of the sterling because the engine
stirling she allowed me advances with the best performance at the time
it was a particular match to respect them at last that's what we did
that's enough then in 1975 we were sentenced a research on the
stirling engine shape despite a dream season so do not know who a subsidiary
from toyota
and the largest Japanese automotive subcontractor
after more than 50 years of development
a Japanese company will she reap the fruit of an invention that
European and American industry failed to complete